README.md, before:

# NFC Animal Passport

A modern web application for managing pet information using NFC technology. This project provides a comprehensive solution for pet owners to store and access their pets' information digitally.

## Features

- **Digital Health Records**: Store vaccination records, medications, allergies, and medical history securely.
- **Instant Identification**: Quick access to your pet's identification details.
- **Emergency Contacts**: Store important contact information for veterinarians and pet services.
- **Dietary Information**: Keep track of your pet's dietary needs and restrictions.
- **Travel Documentation**: Store travel certificates and documentation for international travel.
- **Behavior Notes**: Document your pet's behavior patterns and training progress.
- **Medication Reminders**: Set up reminders for medications and veterinary appointments.
- **Photo Gallery**: Store photos of your pet for identification and memories.

## Technologies Used

- Next.js
- React
- Tailwind CSS
- TypeScript

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or later)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/CankatCaglar/nfc-animal-passport.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd nfc-animal-passport
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```
   or
   ```
   yarn install
   ```

4. Start the development server:
   ```
npm run dev
   ```
   or
   ```
yarn dev
   ```

5. Open your browser and visit `http://localhost:3000`

## Contact

For any questions or inquiries, please contact:
- Email: cankatacarer@gmail.com
- Phone: +90 (553) 501 52 65
- Address: Bostanli, Izmir, Turkey

Commit message:

last version of UI livestock

README.md, after:

# NFC Animal Passport

A modern web application for managing livestock information using NFC technology. This project provides a comprehensive solution for livestock owners to store and access their livestock's information digitally.

## Features

- **Digital Health Records**: Store vaccination records, medications, allergies, and medical history securely.
- **Instant Identification**: Quick access to your livestock's identification details.
- **Emergency Contacts**: Store important contact information for veterinarians and livestock services.
- **Dietary Information**: Keep track of your livestock's dietary needs and restrictions.
- **Health Records**: Maintain comprehensive health records and vaccination history.
- **Behavior Notes**: Document your livestock's behavior patterns and training progress.
- **Travel Documents**: Store and access travel-related documents and certificates.
- **Photo Gallery**: Store photos of your livestock for identification and memories.

## Technologies Used

- Next.js
- React
- Tailwind CSS
- TypeScript

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or later)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/CankatCaglar/nfc-animal-passport.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd nfc-animal-passport
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```
   or
   ```
   yarn install
   ```

4. Start the development server:
   ```
npm run dev
   ```
   or
   ```
yarn dev
   ```

5. Open your browser and visit `http://localhost:3000`

## Contact

For any questions or inquiries, please contact:
- Email: cankatacarer@gmail.com
- Phone: +90 (553) 501 52 65
- Address: Bostanli, Izmir, Turkey
